README.md, before:

# Platform Samples

This is a repo with a few mini examples related to platform that may answer some common questions.

_Requirements_

A localhost file server of choice on port 5001
The OpenFin CLI

_Sample Usage_

```
npx http-server -p 5001 -c-1 or npm run local (after running npm install)
openfin -l -c http://localhost:5001/platform-messaging/app.local.json
```

## [platform-messaging](platform-messaging/README.md)

If you were using the InterApplicationBus to target specific windows in your application does this change when you move to platform? 

* Can you still have a window and send a message to it? 
* Can you target a view within a window?
* If you drag a view to another window will it still receive the messages you send to it?
* What happens if you capture a snapshot and restore it? Do the window/view names persist and still receive messages? 

[Click here to read more...](platform-messaging/README.md)

## [platform-autoshow](platform-autoshow/README.md)

Can you hide windows/windows with views initially and then show them when they are ready?

# From a hidden window with control logic

* Can you launch a window with autoshow false?
* Can you launch a window with a view with autoshow is false?
* Can a window decide it is ready to be shown?
* Can a view decide it is ready for the window to be shown?
* Can the code that launched the window tell it to show?
* Can the code that launched the window with a view tell it to show?

# From a visible window 

* Can you launch a window with autoshow false?
* Can you launch a window with a view with autoshow false?
* Can you tell a window to show itself?
* Can you tell a window with a view to show itself?

[Click here to read more...](platform-autoshow/README.md)

Commit message:

Added Platform & Window App example of Channel API

README.md, after:

# Platform Samples

This is a repo with a few mini examples related to platform that may answer some common questions.

_Requirements_

A localhost file server of choice on port 5001
The OpenFin CLI

_Sample Usage_

```
npx http-server -p 5001 -c-1 or npm run local (after running npm install)
openfin -l -c http://localhost:5001/platform-messaging/app.local.json
```

## [platform-messaging](platform-messaging/README.md)

If you were using the InterApplicationBus to target specific windows in your application does this change when you move to platform? 

* Can you still have a window and send a message to it? 
* Can you target a view within a window?
* If you drag a view to another window will it still receive the messages you send to it?
* What happens if you capture a snapshot and restore it? Do the window/view names persist and still receive messages? 

[Click here to read more...](platform-messaging/README.md)

## [platform-messaging-channel](platform-messaging-channel/README.md)

If you were using the InterApplicationBus Channel API and you wanted to know if it still worked the same then this is an example for you. 

* Will the same logic that worked in a windowed application work in a view (short answer: yes)? 

We include a window based application and run the same logic by having those windows loaded as views.

[Click here to read more...](platform-messaging-channel/README.md)

## [platform-autoshow](platform-autoshow/README.md)

Can you hide windows/windows with views initially and then show them when they are ready?

# From a hidden window with control logic

* Can you launch a window with autoshow false?
* Can you launch a window with a view with autoshow is false?
* Can a window decide it is ready to be shown?
* Can a view decide it is ready for the window to be shown?
* Can the code that launched the window tell it to show?
* Can the code that launched the window with a view tell it to show?

# From a visible window 

* Can you launch a window with autoshow false?
* Can you launch a window with a view with autoshow false?
* Can you tell a window to show itself?
* Can you tell a window with a view to show itself?

[Click here to read more...](platform-autoshow/README.md)
